Snowfall is a crime drama series created by Dave Andron, Eric Amadio, and John Singleton.

Snowfall premiered on July 5, 2017 on FX and ended on April 19, 2023. It is inspired by the early days of the 1980’s Los Angeles crack cocaine epidemic.

FX has 6 seasons and the series has already come to an end.

Franklin Saint is one of the three protagonist in the FX original series, Snowfall. He is a 19 year old convenience store clerk who rose to become South Central LA's notorious drug kingpin and the patriarch of the Family.

SEASON 1
In 1983, he was working in a retail store called 'Cho's' as a clerk, but his life changed when he helped Rob Volpe and his family acquire and purchase some cocaine, which is how he met Avi Drexler,
an ex-Mossad agent who now runs his own syndicate. Since then, he was peddling kilos from Avi's place and selling them to Claudia Crane, a nightclub owner in South Central, who his Auntie Louie introduced him to.
He tried to get his uncle Jerome to help him in the cocaine business, but Jerome refused upright, making it known that yeyo is a product that cannot be sold in the black community and should only be sold to white folks.
In Oakland, when he, Leon, and Kevin were preparing to do a deal with the Murder Dubb Devils MC, he discovered a new type of drug that has never hit LA from a homeless junkie living inside a former Black Panther office.
He is then introduced to Reg, a crack dealer, and shows him the kilos of coke. He is then introduced to Swim and learns how to convert cocaine into crack and tells both Leon and Kevin that crack is the future of their drug empire.
He solidified his foothold as LA's notorious kingpin after he forced Ray-Ray at gunpoint to kill Lenny as payback for nearly killing Leon.


Leon Simmons is Franklin Saint's best friend and right hand man.
BEFORE THE SERIES
Leon Simmons Was born in South Central Los Angeles sometime in 1963. When Leon was just 5 Years old his father passed away, Which left him and his younger siblings to be raised by their single mother Marla. As a kid Leon became friends with Franklin Saint and Kevin Hamilton. Leon looked up to Kevin's Older brother, Kane, as he wanted to be just like him. Leon was also a very troubled kid as he would mostly shoplift, steal, and fight. Leon's trouble followed him through his teens which landed him in juvenile hall. In juvie, Leon would frequently be sent to solitary confinement for "Scrappin with the eses", in lament's terms, fighting with Mexican gang members. It was there where he met J.J., A member of HTB Western Tribe.
Theodore 'Teddy' E. McDonald is one of three protagonists on the show and a CIA officer in the war against communism as well as the primary antagonist for Franklin's storyline in Seasons 5 and 6

Gustavo "El Oso" Zapata is one of three protaganists on the show. He is an aspiring luchador who later began working as an enforcer for the Villanueva Cartel.

El Oso was first seen in a wrestling match in which he lost by pinfall. Many folks including Franklin Saint, Leon Simmons, Kevin Hamilton and the Villanuevas watch the match. After his wrestling career ended, he went to work as an enforcer for the Villanueva's. He was recommended for a job by Pedro Nava, who introduced him to his cousin, Lucia Villanueva. He was first hired to steal some money, in which he killed a guard named Max. He later learned the money he stole belonged to Ramiro Nava, Pedro's father and Lucia's uncle. To deal with a fallout, he helped them find a fall guy, a sicario named Enrique. He killed him and disappeared his corpse to set him up to look like the thief. He began building a relationship with Lucia, which sparked some jealousy with Pedro. Ramiro eventually found out they rolled him and started running their cocaine productions. Later on after Mauricio Villanueva died, Lucia and Oso went to Stomper of the Los Monarcas who agreed to take out Ramiro and his sicarios. They chose to hit them at the funeral, in which Oso was not content with. During the wake, Ramiro is offed by Los Monarcas, in which Oso is made a partner by Lucia, who now runs the family business, which Pedro made a run for it.

Max (Thrown to his death)
Enrique (Killed off-screen (Confirmed))
Stomper (Stabbing)
Lorena Cardenas (Shooting)
Ivan (Thrown to his death)
Nestor Gutierrez (Throat slit)
Pedro Kindelin (Shooting)
Oscar Fuentes (Strangling)


Louanne 'Louie' Jones-Saint is the aunt of Franklin Saint and the wife of the late Jerome Saint. She is also the owner of Louie's nightclub. She is the secondary antagonist of Franklin’s storyline in Season 5 and 6.

She was born and raised in Louisiana, where she grew up in a time and place where black folks were seen as second-class citizens. She later relocated to Los Angeles where she was hustling for Claudia Crane, who was also her lover at the time. Somewhere along the way, she met Jerome.

Now bout Jerome